************************************************************************
./LICENSE            pC++/Sage++ License Information        (PHB 9/2/93)
************************************************************************

      This file is a REQUIRED part of the pC++/Sage++ Environment

The pC++/Sage++ software is *not* in the public domain.  However, it
is freely available without fee for education, research, and
non-profit purposes.  By obtaining copies of this and other files that
comprise the pC++/Sage++ environment, you, the Licensee, agree to
abide by the following conditions and understandings with respect to
the copyrighted software:

1.  The software is copyrighted by Indiana University (IU), University
of Oregon (UO), and the University of Rennes (UR), and they retain
ownership of the software.

2.  Permission to use and modify this software and its documentation
for education, research, and non-profit purposes is hereby granted to
Licensee, provided that the copyright notice, the original author's
names and unit identification, and this permission notice appear on
all such works, and that no charge be made for such copies.

3.  We request that the Licensee not distribute the pC++/Sage++
software.  In order to maintain the software, we will distribute the
most up-to-date version of the software via FTP.  Please "finger
sage@cica.indiana.edu" for more information.  Furthermore, our funding
agencies would like to know what you think about pC++/Sage++.  If you
are using the software, PLEASE join our mailing list by sending mail
to sage-request.cica.indiana.edu with the Subject: "subscribe".  We
will notify you of important bug fixes and updates as they become
available.

Any entity desiring permission to incorporate this software into
commercial products should contact:

         Dennis Gannon                            gannon@cs.indiana.edu
         215 Lindley Hall
         Department of Computer Science
         Indiana Univerity
	 Bloomington, IN  47401
         USA

4.  Licensee may not use the name, logo, or any other symbol of
IU/UO/UR nor the names of any of its employees nor any adaptation
thereof in advertizing or publicity pertaining to the software without
specific prior written approval of the IU/UO/UR.

5.  IU/UO/UR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTY.

6.  IU/UO/UR shall not be liable for any damages suffered by Licensee
from the use of this software.

7.  The software was developed under agreements between the IU/UO/UR
and the Federal Government which entitle the Government to certain
rights.

************************************************************************

Copyright (c) 1993 Indiana University, University of Oregon,
University of Rennes.  All Rights Reserved.

Funded by: ARPA under Rome Labs contract AF 30602-92-C-0135 and the
National Science Foundation Office of Advanced Scientific Computing
under grant ASC-9111616 and Esprit BRA APPARC
